# 3/30/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/30/03/11:30AM

## Meeting End Time

2023/30/03/12:00PM

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Tyler, Connor, Cody, Dan

## Minute Recorder

Connor

## Topics Discussed

* Student symposium: Discussed when each team member could be there to present the board
    * Some of us have a class from 2-3:15 so that will effect it, but we will have at least one person present the whole time
* 5th iteration work
    * Tyler has begun work on updating the user database to accommodate for a tier system of users, managers, and admins
    * Other teammates: Refactor/refine features from last iteration and begin on various new features Alicia asked of us

## Things Clarified

* Plans for symposium posterboard

## Tasks Distributed

* Connor: Refine notes system to be more fleshed out
* Cody: Normalize graphs / multiple datasets
* Dan: Fix/flesh out unit tests for frontend, design poster for symposium
* Tyler: Update database to accommodate tier system