# Iteration 2 presentation meeting with Client

## Meeting start
2022/12/6 - 4pm

## Meeting end
4:45pm

## Location/Medium
Online - Zoom

## Present
Cody, Connor, Tyler, Dan, Alicia

### Minutes Recorder
Tyler

## Topics Discussed

* Deliverables for iteration 2 including, updated Unity application, updated webapp with connection to AWS datasets, and AWS cdk project for current dataset API.
* Documentation for Iteration 2, specifically discussed how we should document AWS cdk project for Alicia's team.
* Feature requests and feed back for Iteration 3 in January
* Visiting location where Peak Mind will be setting up their labs, and possibly assisting.

## Things Clarified

* When we might be able to get started on creating a solution to integrate our web app with their current system.
* When would could expect the client to have gone through a simulation with the vr headsets.

## Feeback and feature requests.

* Possibly add more coloring for showing different level for things like heartbeat and cognitive load
* Adding exporting for both the web data and/or the the data sets. This data export should come from the webapp and be understandable to the layman. Which means more than likely a similar visual representation of the data similar to what is available on the web app but styled for print.
* Adding integration with the Peak Mind software. 
* Adding some way to make the background more appealing in the Unity dashboard, i.e. changing it from the dark blue that it is currently. It should still contrast with the main UI elements.
* Some way to aggregate data. Ability to view different people's data in the same graphs for comparison. 
* Also adding ability some sort of aggregate data (like average Heart Rates for all simulations on a Tuesday.)