# Client Meeting on 2/20/2023

## Meeting start
2023/2/20 - 3:30pm

## Meeting end
4:10pm

## Location/Medium
Online - Zoom

## Present
Cody, Connor, Tyler, Dan, Alicia

### Minutes Recorder
Dan

## Client Use of the Project
---

### How did the client use the software?

- Alicia used the software through the zoom and was guided through the new features.

### What features did they test in your software?

- New user auth system
- Adding notes to simulation

### How long did they use your software?

- Alicia used the software for roughly 10 minutes.

### How was their reaction to the software?

- Alicia "loved" the notes feature. She also liked the authentication system.

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?

- She did not bring up any issues with the current software that they've been using  which was nice.

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)

- The software was slow. Probably because we had three Docker images running.

## Topics Discussed

- Use of the software by Alicia's team
    - Currently, their team is saving the data locally as well as uploading it to AWS
    - They've been conducting light research with the data they've collected; they're mostly focused on gathering data right now.
    - Alicia was 30 minutes late to our meeting because she was conducting a last minute simulation using our software.

## Things Clarified

- We do not want to put the backend on our AWS account because it would cost money; we clarified that Alicia's team could set up the web app on a live sever towards the end of the semester

## Feeback and feature requests.

- Normalize timestamps from simulation so that line graphs start at the same time
- Select multiple simulation sessions to show on the graphs at once
- Admin and manager users
    - Admins would be Peak Mind employees that would:
        - Create users and managers
        - Set users' ids
        - Be able to access all data
    - Managers would be clients that would:
        - Be able to see aggregate data of a group of users
- Alicia wants an example of a real simulation shown in the web app rather than a simulation from Unity's HP SDK.