# Iteration 3 presentation meeting with Client

## Meeting start
2022/2/3 - 12pm

## Meeting end
1pm

## Location/Medium
Online - Zoom

## Present
Cody, Connor, Tyler, Dan, Alicia

### Minutes Recorder
Tyler

## Client Use of the Project
---

### How did the client use the software?

### What features did they test in your software?

- New program flow in the Unity Dashboard.
- Data exports from the Web App.

### How long did they use your software?

### How was their reaction to the software?

- Alicia liked the changes made to the flow of the Desktop application.

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)

- Unclear that a dataset needed to be selected before they actually appear.

## Topics Discussed

- Use of the Unity dashboard in their lab space.
- Features added for this semester
- Deployment process into their own AWS environment.

## Things Clarified

- How cognitive load is calculated so we can represent it in a hierarchical in the Unity dashboard

## Feeback and feature requests.
- Added visuals for heart rate variability.
- Added visuals for PPG data and adding ppg data to saved data.
- Change visual hierarchy in Dashboard application to represent how cognitive load is calculated.
- Re-add the ability to save data to local machine.
- Adding some way to view averages from different data sets.
    - Ideally all data collected.
    - Possibility of showing averaged data within a certain timeframe.
- Adding true user and login system for both dashboard uploads and web app.
