# Iteration 3 presentation meeting with Client

## Meeting start
2023/2/3 - 12pm

## Meeting end
1pm

## Location/Medium
Online - Zoom

## Present
Cody, Connor, Tyler, Dan, Alicia

### Minutes Recorder
Tyler

## Client Use of the Project
---

### How did the client use the software?

- Alicia used the software through the zoom. She took control of the computer running the unity app and then was able to start a simulation, watch simulator change the values then save the data to AWS. She then was able to use the webapp to log in with the user ID that she just created and see the graphs of the data that was recorded from her simulation. She was also able to download a pdf of the data visualization charts that were created.

### What features did they test in your software?

- New program flow in the Unity Dashboard.
- Data exports from the Web App.

### How long did they use your software?

- Alicia used the software for roughly 5 minutes.

### How was their reaction to the software?

- Alicia liked the changes made to the flow of the Desktop application.

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?

- There were some issues with data export formatting and she was having trouble with the dataset selection 

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)

- Unclear that a dataset needed to be selected before they actually appear.

## Topics Discussed

- Use of the Unity dashboard in their lab space.
- Features added for this semester
- Deployment process into their own AWS environment.

## Things Clarified

- How cognitive load is calculated so we can represent it in a hierarchical in the Unity dashboard

## Feeback and feature requests.
- Added visuals for heart rate variability.
- Added visuals for PPG data and adding ppg data to saved data.
- Change visual hierarchy in Dashboard application to represent how cognitive load is calculated.
- Re-add the ability to save data to local machine.
- Adding some way to view averages from different data sets.
    - Ideally all data collected.
    - Possibility of showing averaged data within a certain timeframe.
- Adding true user and login system for both dashboard uploads and web app.
