# Client Meeting on 4/17/2023


## Meeting start
2023/4/17 - 11:30 AM

## Meeting end
12:30 PM

## Location/Medium
Online - Zoom

## Present
Cody, Connor, Tyler, Dan, Alicia

### Minutes Recorder
Dan

## Topics Discussed

- Alicia may be coming down for the reception this evening!
- While testing:
    - Alicia created an organization
	- Created a user
	- Logged in as a user who had limited features
- Pointed out some styling updates:
    - Replaced dropdown of sessions with a sidebar with all the sessions to improve user experience
    - Note UI improved
    - Session notes for all datasets shown in one section
    - Each note has a symbol
Alicia asked for importing an excel sheet for an organization we clarified that the feature would be easily possible in the future.
Alicia also mentioned all the fields included on their current website:
- Organization has more fields
	- Intro video link included in organization
	- Org #
    - Main contact
- User has more fields
	- DOB
    - Company anniversary
    - Email
    - Pronoun 
    - Title 
    - Employee code
    - Manager
    - Role
- We should be able to add these fields before the end of the iteration


## Things Clarified

- Alicia will work on migrating this system a new AWS account next week.
- Alicia clarified some fields to add to the organization and user creation forms.
- She wants us to list the third party libraries used by the frontend explicitly in documentation so future developers don't get confused.

## Client Use of the Project
---

### How did the client use the software?

- Alicia used the software through the zoom and was guided through the new features.

### What features did they test in your software?

- Multi tier user system
    - Admins
    - Organizations
    - Regular Users
- Notes
    - Create note; all notes stored in one place
    - Delete note

### How long did they use your software?

- Alicia used the software for roughly 15 minutes.

### How was their reaction to the software?

- Alicia was pleased with the user system. However, she had many suggestions.

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?

- Alicia was less excited about this feature, probably because it was not as exciting as some other ones.

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)

- Alicia pointed out some fields to add for the organization and user creation. She wants this to be as compatible with their current software as possible.
